# Harid
Open source User-Generated Content (UGC) game project for the web, without shitty NFTs.
Created by contributors and Echapp team.
---

> Note: This project is still in development, and is not yet ready for production.
> If you want to contribute, please contact us on Discord / IRC.
> 
> I'm not a good dev, I do this with all of my heart, so if I do something wrong for you, please tell me !

## What is Harid?
Harid is a game project that aims to create a fun and engaging 2D isometric experience for the player. The game is based on the concept of User-Generated Content (UGC) where the user can create their own content ( for example, own character assets, own cool chairs ) and share it with the community. The game is built on the web and native, and is open source. ( Desc generated by Github Copilot lol )

## How to contribute?
Contribute. ( Join Discord / IRC )

## How to run the game?
1. Clone the repository
2. Install Rust
3. Run `cargo run --release`
4. Enjoy!
5. (Optional) Contribute.
6. (Optional) Star the repository.
7. (Optional) Say to the dev this is a clone of Habbo.
8. (Optional) Buy the developer a coffee.

## Features
- [x] 2D isometric game
- [x] Open source
- [ ] User-Generated Content (UGC)
- [ ] Web and native
- [ ] Fun
- [ ] Engaging
- [ ] Cool chairs
- [ ] Cool characters
- [ ] Cool rooms
- [ ] Cool items
- [ ] Cool everything
- [ ] Cool

## Roadmap
- [ ] Create a roadmap

## Library used
- Bevy ( Engine )
- Naia ( Networkig library )
- bevy_ecs_tilemap
- bevy-inspector-egui
- bevy_pixel_camera
- bevy_ecs_tilemap
- bevy_egui
- tokio
- serde / serde_yaml ( Serialization, maybe better optimized format in the future )

## License
Harid is licensed under the GNU GPLv3 license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

## Credits
- [Echapp](https://echapp.com) - Project owner / Server hosting
- [Contributors]() - Contributors
- Github Copilot - Desc generator